_pages/about.md, before:

### About Me
I am an undergraduate student studying computer science at University of California, San Diego. I am a previous recipient of the TRELS scholarship and the HDSI undergraduate scholarship. My research interests are game AI, reinforcement learning, and general probabilistic reasoning.

You can email me at lil043@ucsd.edu

### Research Publications
- A Gomoku Game-Testbed for Monte-Carlo Tree Search Algorithms [ paper ] \
  Lisa Liu, Kelvin Yu \
  _International Conference on Videogame Sciences and Arts, 2024_
- CloudSheep System for WMT24 Discourse-Level Literary Translation [ [paper](https://www2.statmt.org/wmt24/pdf/2024.wmt-1.95.pdf) ] [ [poster](lisasiliu.github.io/files/hdsi_poster.pdf) ] \
  Lisa Liu, Ryan Liu, Angela Tsai, and Jingbo Shang \
  _EMNLP (Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing), 2024_ 
- A Privacy-Preserving and Overhead-Free Protocol for Direct Donations to People Impacted by COVID-19 Lock-downs [ [paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9342887) ] \
  Lisa Liu, Chang Liu \
  _IEEE GHTC (Global Humanitarian Technology Conference), 2020_ 

### Education
- UC San Diego
    - B.S. in Computer Science
 
### Experience
- **JPMorgan Chase** (06/2024 - 08/2024)
    - Software Engineering Intern, Cybersecurity - Endpoint Detection & Response
    - Created scripts to visualize data for various EDR policies
    - Columbus, OH
- **UC San Diego** (03/2023 - Present)
    - COSMOS Cluster Assistant
    - Tutored both theory and programming classes, resolving 200+ help tickets.
    - La Jolla, CA
- **UC San Diego** (03/2023 - Present)
    - CSE Instructional Assistant
    - Tutored both theory and programming classes, resolving 200+ help tickets.
    - La Jolla, CA
- **Triton Research & Experiential Learning Scholars (TRELS)** (03/2023 - 06/2023)
    - TRELS scholarship recipient
    - Created web prototype for an accurate bunny genetic game.
    - La Jolla, CA

Commit message:

adding in link to about me

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Academic Pages is a ready-to-fork GitHub Pages template for academic personal websites"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

### About Me
I am an undergraduate student studying computer science at University of California, San Diego. I am a previous recipient of the TRELS scholarship and the HDSI undergraduate scholarship. My research interests are game AI, reinforcement learning, and general probabilistic reasoning.

You can email me at lil043@ucsd.edu

### Research Publications
- A Gomoku Game-Testbed for Monte-Carlo Tree Search Algorithms [ paper ] \
  Lisa Liu, Kelvin Yu \
  _International Conference on Videogame Sciences and Arts, 2024_
- CloudSheep System for WMT24 Discourse-Level Literary Translation [ [paper](https://www2.statmt.org/wmt24/pdf/2024.wmt-1.95.pdf) ] [ [poster](lisasiliu.github.io/files/hdsi_poster.pdf) ] \
  Lisa Liu, Ryan Liu, Angela Tsai, and Jingbo Shang \
  _EMNLP (Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing), 2024_ 
- A Privacy-Preserving and Overhead-Free Protocol for Direct Donations to People Impacted by COVID-19 Lock-downs [ [paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9342887) ] \
  Lisa Liu, Chang Liu \
  _IEEE GHTC (Global Humanitarian Technology Conference), 2020_ 

### Education
- UC San Diego
    - B.S. in Computer Science
 
### Experience
- **JPMorgan Chase** (06/2024 - 08/2024)
    - Software Engineering Intern, Cybersecurity - Endpoint Detection & Response
    - Created scripts to visualize data for various EDR policies
    - Columbus, OH
- **UC San Diego** (03/2023 - Present)
    - COSMOS Cluster Assistant
    - Tutored both theory and programming classes, resolving 200+ help tickets.
    - La Jolla, CA
- **UC San Diego** (03/2023 - Present)
    - CSE Instructional Assistant
    - Tutored both theory and programming classes, resolving 200+ help tickets.
    - La Jolla, CA
- **Triton Research & Experiential Learning Scholars (TRELS)** (03/2023 - 06/2023)
    - TRELS scholarship recipient
    - Created web prototype for an accurate bunny genetic game.
    - La Jolla, CA
